Speaker 2 (GCS502C): participatory… Participatory?
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Could you redesign them?
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Core Design Core Design.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Interesting.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Oh, yeah.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): so then…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): it's, it's…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): still formative studies, the IRB would still hurt. Here, you're still going to give them tasks to do with the… with the current state of the tool that you have.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Both are all included, doesn't matter. And at the end of this task, they are gonna do what exactly Sumit gave you. It's like, my thoughts on how this should actually be designed, or some of the challenges I have with this design.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): And you work with them the last 10 or 15 minutes with this participant to say, okay, so what if we, like, you know, how would you like this redesigned? And they're gonna work with you to come up with a new design.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Yep.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): And we do this, like, with… you don't do it with many people, like, maybe, like, 6 people, 7 people at most. You have a lot of, like, design ideas that your participants, co-designers, gave you, and then you do, like, the refining, rationalization, and you come up with it.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I don't.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Actual affordances that goes into the shooting.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): And the people who are… you're, working this… doing this bit should be, like, designers, or, like, any person? Any person.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Domain expression.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): She doesn't work.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): And you only need, like, 8 people. Hmm. 10 people, because, like, co-design session is, like, very informative. Yeah.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): It's a lot of data. It's hard to process uniquely, but…
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): What does it mean?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): You lose it?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Yeah, I guess…
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I think 8 is a good enough, 8 to 10 people. You already have 8 people.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): These 8 people are for final sake, because these are more valuable, parts. Valuable in terms of, like.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Free heat in there.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Oh, my goodness.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): for me.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): She said, I didn't imagine.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): for the co-design session? Yeah. I think for co-design, we should, like, record from this floor, fourth floor.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): The people who work with.
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): to one session with each participant? Hmm.
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): Or is it… doesn't need to be, like, effective?
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): Like, we work on something, and we check again.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): You can make it…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): So, for example, but you can make it iterative between people, so there are different ways of doing this. There's, like, no, like, set method of doing it, but I did the study at Sagra, I got some design, and some of them, I feel like these are very intuitive, some of them are more, like, design choices. So whatever is intuitive, I implement it, then I do a study with you.
Speaker 9 (GCS502C): Cut it.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): between each participant and the final. You can do that, too.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): It's a little bit, I think it's to…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): But then, I…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): I also want to put this on the table. This is going to be time-consuming. So, it would probably not be a whizable, which is totally fine, because given that you have a lot of contributions on actually mentally scaffolding and changing how people work with spreadsheets, this can definitely go into, like, CHI or CHW or whatever later on.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): So…
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): So you already have the core stuff, you have to, like, remove…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): No, no, no, you can show me that. This is the design.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): As long as you can make sure that the design goals that you have come up with through literature, you have one implementation of all the design goals, like, one
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Like, the design goals are implemented.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): In some form. Can be bad.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): But is there?
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): So.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): two angles, one of them is the transparent thing, one of them is feedback. I think the box itself is…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): So, we have, four or three, features for each of these levels, no matter what… Perfect, yeah.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): So, you cannot start with, like, you know, we have only implemented one design tool, but I think you have all the features for the design tools, so…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Baseline is there. All the features that we were thinking of is now there. Yeah.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Some people, like.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): I mean, we are doing it in a way… you guys are taking a harder route than I know people who have done, like, co-design sessions by just sending the tool to an expert and then getting feedback.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): in chat, in email, like what Submit did, and send it to, like, 8 experts, ask for them to give you feedback, and let us catch how this should work.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Is it easier because, like, it's only the manifest fold, and then I can send them the video, they can work with that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Yeah, you don't really need to describe in detail, like, how you do that co-design. Yeah.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Like, it…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): It could be, like, a co-design session where the expert is reviewed and given
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): You can hop on, like, a 15-minute call and just discuss, like, so what kind of designs do you have in mind?
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I think…
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): to this.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Yeah, because it's only 10 pages, so you… I don't think reviewers, you really need a very detailed description of your…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): This process is just to make sure that you.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): your… there is no design fixation. Like, you're not implementing it in the way you are thinking. Other people are also… other thoughts are there.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): This is just to make sure I'm not…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): It doesn't need to be a very tedious… Empirical rigorous process.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): So, when you do the evaluation, are you, like, asked participants to do on their own data, or you promise?
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): other cores on this.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): And how do you come up?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): These are gonna be either from, projects of, financial analysis courses, or inferred from those projects. Those projects themselves, whatever parts of them, are very, very big, and,
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): I believe it within… We've been subjected.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): What are you comparing against?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): They will do… yeah, they will do two tasks, two different tasks, one with
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): AI agents without R2, one with AI agent and R2.
GCS502C: And what are you measuring?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): The measures are, not completely set yet, but I think one of them is, like, accuracy, time,
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): The underst… their understanding, depth of understanding of… of changes
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): I have them right now, sorry, but, like, I didn't… these are some of the number. But, like, the measures are… are in a way… design are in a way to, evaluate the contribution of these angles to the challenges that we are describing.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Accurrency laws, for example, yeah?
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): How do you define accuracy?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): accuracy, if we, if we…
GCS502C: can…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): inject.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): some issues.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Let's say we handle it dynamically to, like, ask them to, like, have some problems in some segments.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): And then find out how many of them
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): the user could detect. This data can do the measure of.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Oh, the accuracy of… of user detect, how accurate users can detect an error in the… Oh, I thought, I thought it's accuracy of the task. No, I appreciate that.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): When you're working on accuracy of tasks, you're evaluating the agent's probability, agent.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): C.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Competence is a good word?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): But we're not doing that, we're just trying to…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): But we have blueberries.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): benchmark your allusion somewhere to show that the agent that you have implemented an Excel agent come up with
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): comparable… Solutions.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): This is a little hard, because the…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): First, they're the closed source, we don't know exactly how they work, and second, they have
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): much, like, complexer systems. I'm trying to do, like, money lab,
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): If it's really necessary, I should spend more time on making the decision.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Why do we care about.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): one of the biggest.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I think it's okay.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): I didn't care about.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I don't know if…
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): No, Lisa.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): This is the same that's fun.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Spider-Man, maybe.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): I don't think they need to.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): about how well the agent does, because.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Agents will keep improving.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Yeah, that's… we should be more the agnostic.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): And then as the models get better, we get better.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Lots of wood doors today.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Piggybacking… A book of, can of worms.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Model diagnostic.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Calm down.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): indeed is enjoying this, non-England, non-lative English people.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Hmm.
Speaker 7 (GCS502C): Simon, do you have the IRB already? Yeah.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Automize other resources.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): That's a honey.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): And I had me for a proposal that was, like, I needed it yesterday. I was like, Athena.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): She goes.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): made the changes.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): We worked, like, we… in the early morning, we sat together, made the changes. This IVD is all super fast. She gave us the changes by night.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): I mistakenly sent the old approval letter to NSF program manager. He was like, yeah, this works. Why were we working so hard?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): I don't know how someone can do it, but, like, I think IRB is one of the most painful things for me.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Oh my gosh.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): They're…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): No, no, no, not the people, the process. Oh, they're the process.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): But if you want to make changes to the core design, you have to do it within the bounds of whatever is approved as the formative part, because core design is not part… core design is not part of your inclusion edition.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): You can call them all you want, you can call them… So, yeah.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Yeah, so make sure that whatever you're doing.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): can be… Oh, you're using Surf?
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Yeah. However you want.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): So, whatever.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): I know you.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): doing as co-design kind of falls within the same.
Speaker 9 (GCS502C): description.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): informative.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): just, like, email… I think this is gonna be what we'll be doing. We just, like, email them and send them the video how to use this, that's gonna do that? You know, that's fine, and ask them to give you.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): comments, and then I think the formative study says that it's gonna be video recorded, blah blah blah, so you can just do, like, a 10-minute call.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): And do the… because they can't send you design ideas, they can send you, like, you know, some thoughts on what works and what doesn't work.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): I saw a lot of this paper, they have participants draw a sketch, and they showed off the sketch.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Hop on a call.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): for, like, 10 minutes, and put this on, and give them whiteboard sketch.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Yeah, and then whoever, like, is good at drawing, you show their sketch on a paper.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): I think the reviewer likes that, like…
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): whoever would…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Oh, yeah. We, we, we…
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): To bring it back, we redraw.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Draw the things on a piece of paper. We take a picture, we put it in the paper.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): It's gonna be probably, like, a screenshot of the thing, and then they work on that screenshot. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): So that, that, because the formative study in the IRB is like a video call with the participant thing.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): If you do that, you can still pivoting whatever is the normative study definition in your diet.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): But, if you make change, like.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Make sure, if you're making changes, it's not defining the… it doesn't matter, because all of this is exempt, so they can do it better, but…
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): But if we do it this way, we have to send them, and we are basically giving them the time.
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): And until we don't get one Pakistan response, we can start moving to the next Pakistan, right?
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Yeah, but, boot.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): this was the design that we tried not to go. We are gonna do all the… Synchron.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): Thank goodness.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Oh, all…
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): Put them at once, and then…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): And also, I think since I'm not sure… I haven't stress-tested this system, it's better to just,
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): ask them for, like, 30 minutes thing, and then, hop in a call, send them the XML file, let them play with it, and then, do the screenshot, and then…
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Oh, goodness.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): But you're not… you can send them the XML file. You should send it before that, so they know.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): because then their thoughts, just like Suman, will go deeper. If it's just a video, they won't be able to give you a lot of information.
GCS502C: opponent.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): I need to go after the meeting.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Next week. What are we doing?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): I think we need to start working on the…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): what was it, the workshop portion?
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): the workshop, and what's been.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): presenting.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): presenting, I think you should present, right? Because did this one got a skip, or you want to skip to the next time you want to present?
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): I don't have anything to present.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Well, or if I want to present, I will present the paper.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): But if anyone wants to present a data system.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Or we can make it just, like, 30 minutes of co-working on the… Workshop? Workshop.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Let's do that, yeah. Then just do Google Pop yourself.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): So, what do we need for Motion? We need, I think I need to send some to, like.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): We need to find the…
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): a paragraph of that paragraph, I can write, we need to find, like, activities we want to do, and
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): What was the other one?
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): That's it. Collaborators? Collaborators.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Can we schedule a meeting for the token?
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): toast on paper.
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): Yes, today. So, do we need… do we need a meeting today as well? For the writing?
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Lucy. Up to you. Their choice.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): I really, really want to submit to this.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): That's why I want to push, but I also need your support as well, so if you have energy, and I see that ethanol has already started writing some stuff.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): It's good to at least come up with some, samples for the paper.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): I don't have anything on my couch.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): I don't know what you.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): They're talking about it.
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): So…
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): I haven't seen anything in Canada yet, but… Okay.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): So much, because.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): My outdoor room's filling up. Other people are.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): No, no, I didn't go.
Speaker 2 (GCS502C): Well, I didn't add anyone. I will add…
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): For Thursday, we can make less late night, like, 8 p.m.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): Yeah, that's very clear.
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): We need to push out the 1st on, 15th is the deadline, huh?
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): Oops, let's honor that.
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Are we gonna do the overall?
Speaker 6 (GCS502C): That's fine. You're due!
Speaker 4 (GCS502C): If I are, you need to send it to me on Friday. You need to submit…
Speaker 8 (GCS502C): He doesn't know when.
Speaker 5 (GCS502C): it's attention.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): Hello.
Speaker 1 (GCS502C): I think it's, it's… it's 4 weeks, so it should be next Monday. As long as it passed? No, no, the next Monday. As long as it has passed. .
Speaker 3 (GCS502C): Anything for you. We wanted to talk to.